docs: Group VPC tutorials steps into sections (#1012)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/00-30-vpc-peering.md

  
  > [!TIP]
  > For more information, see the Allow Kyma to Peer with Your Network sections in the VPC peering tutorials:
  > * [Create Virtual Private Cloud Peering in Amazon Web Services](./tutorials/01-30-10-aws-vpc-peering.md#allow-sap-btp-kyma-runtime-to-peer-with-your-network)
  > * [Create Virtual Private Cloud Peering in Google Cloud](./tutorials/01-30-20-gcp-vpc-peering.md#allow-sap-btp-kyma-runtime-to-peer-with-your-network)
  > * [Create Virtual Private Cloud Peering in Microsoft Azure](./tutorials/01-30-30-azure-vpc-peering.md#allow-sap-btp-kyma-runtime-to-peer-with-your-remote-network)

## Lifecycle

AwsVpcPeering CR, GcpVpcPeering CR, or AzureVpcPeering CR are cluster-level resources. Once one of the VPC peering resources is applied, the status of the VPC peering connection is reflected in that CR. At the same time Cloud Manager creates a VPC peering connection in the Kyma cluster underlying cloud provider landscape and accepts VPC peering connection in the remote cloud provider landscape.

> The limit of the number of VPC Peering CRs per Kyma cluster depends on the quotas for each cloud provider individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The limit on the number of VPC Peering CRs per Kyma cluster depends on the quotas for each cloud provider.
```

> When you delete a VPC peering CR, the VPC peering conntection in the Kyma cloud provider lanscape is deleted automatially. However, the remote VPC peering connection is left hanging, and you must delete it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you delete a VPC peering CR, the VPC peering connection in the Kyma cloud provider landscape is deleted automatically. However, the remote VPC peering connection is left hanging, and you must delete it manually.
```
